## This method is only applicable to 2010-2014? era machines which utilize "InsydeH20" UEFI/EFI

Not to be confused with the Legacy "Insyde" BIOS, the newer "H20" is also refered to as "RSA UEFI" (dubbed by CodeRush).
Newer HP laptops beyond 2015? utilize a entirely different UEFI.

# UEFI module structure:

HP's firmware will protect its module volumes in the "DXE phase", and refuse to start if it has been overwritten, modified, or removed. 

This however, doesn't always appear to be the case as testing has shown the "PEI" phase is not protected, and many PEI modules can be deleted without risk. 

In pursuit of streamling the firmware, some PEI modules were removed to gauge where the firmware protection code begins. 
After some extent the firmware didn't require the protection any longer, even with deletion of a DXE module it wouldn't result in hardware bricking.

The PEI module in question is "SecureUpdating", and additionally some systems utilize the "ErrorLog" module.
The module itself remains in a compressed section of the firmware, with sizes being 30k.

Repackaging the modules is much more complex, and not well documented.

A simpler approach is to find the module labeled "WLAN" in a "DXE" Core, and removing it.

After reboot, the system will no longer prompt for uncertified wireless network cards.


# Notes:
Information originally gleamed from "MyDigitalLife" forums, 
and the following repo; (with help from Google translate).

https://github.com/mytbk/firmware_notes/blob/master/machines/elitebook/hp-remove-protection.rst
